Platform is Generic, Each Recievers/Providers has its own free time slot( 8. AM to 6. PM ), option to have 1 hours session time. Eg: Junior Physio/Nurse/Patient its own time slot( available time solt need to be displayed between ( 8 AM to 6 PM ) with 1 hours each. can have option to multiple sessions.   each  Recievers and Providers should update their location all the time, based on that distance and time to reach can be calculated. Assume that provider is moving by vehicle. Algorithm should be there to find closest Receivers of Providers.  All appointments are performed by the authority of Senior Physio/Centralized Control/Monitoring Persons. Each Receiver/Provider should have option to update Outcome after the session, So Centralized Control Person Alerted. Option to close payment daily to  Recievers and Providers based on the session completion and outcome result. Central Person has option to transfer the payment by 9.00 PM to All the Receivers and Providers. After session completion payment window should prompt for UPI payment for  Receivers and Providers. Option to add Insurance/Thirdparty/Charity fund provider and keep that is seperate account, but central physio can be transfer fund from  Insurance/Thirdparty/charity account to the Recievers and Providers.  Option to Generate monthly and yearly payment balance sheet for salary slip and ITR ready. Option to generate transaction/Tax exception for Insurance/Thirdparty/Charity.   Recievers may be clinic, patient, any particular shop with available slots for sheduling with providers. Provider will be ServicePerson/Shop/Physio/Any with available slots for scheduling with recievers. Role can be REDIS/configure lookup before Nestjs start so that code will be generic, but before bootstrap, domain will be created. Recievers and Providers can create account with OTP(SMS/WHatsApp) any time. Based on the tanantID corresponding Cetralized Persons Dashboad will be updated. Outcome based Review will be updated based on Wep/App parameters can be configurable and ready before bootstrap for generic design. Configure to activate/deacivate timeslot availability of Reciever/Provider by admin role. Option to cancel appointment from Reciever and Provider's and Centralized Person, History of Booking and Cancelations should be available with reason.

Option for Giving Offer letter and Termincation letter to Reciever and Provider and Centrralised Persons.

Dash board of Cetralized person should have active Reciever and Provide's Todays and One week head availability, booking and Cancelation. Histoty of daily, Weekly Reveniw, Income report and yearly ITR ready. 

Push notifications if Appointment is scheduled, canceled, rescheduled and Payment Alert( Success, failure )

Auditlog based on Createa/Update/Cancel Reciever and Provider and Create/Update/Cancel appintments.

Design should be role based.